Support for Kubernetes 1.34 (#12883)
gardener/gardener: docs/operations/topology_aware_routing.md

  trafficDistribution: PreferClose
```

### How to make a Service topology-aware in Kubernetes >= 1.34

The value `PreferClose` has been deprecated in favor of `PreferSameZone` and `PreferSameNode`. `PreferSameZone` is an alias for the existing `PreferClose` to clarify its semantics. For more information, read the details in the [Kubernetes deprecation announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/08/27/kubernetes-v1-34-release/#preferclose-traffic-distribution-is-deprecated).

> In Kubernetes >= 1.34, `ServiceTrafficDistribution` still is being used to make a Service topology-aware. The `.spec.trafficDistribution` field should to be set to `PreferSameZone`:

Reviewer: nit: wording
```suggestion
The value `PreferClose` has been deprecated in favor of `PreferSameZone` and `PreferSameNode`. `PreferSameZone` is an alias for the existing `PreferClose` to clarify its semantics. For more information, read the details in the [Kubernetes deprecation announcement](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/08/27/kubernetes-v1-34-release/#preferclose-traffic-distribution-is-deprecated).
In Kubernetes 1.34 and later, `ServiceTrafficDistribution` is still used to make a Service topology-aware. The `.spec.trafficDistribution` field should be set to `PreferSameZone`:
```
